Zhao Qishan
You finally got what you deserved.
The Police Department will continue
to fully combat all criminal activities
and restore to the citizens of Tai Cheng
a safe and secure social environment.
What happened?
Why is this happening again now?
Inspector Qi, over here.
What's the situation?
Officer He is leading the investigation.
Two victims in the top-floor study, a man and a woman.
The woman was burned beyond recognition.
Preliminary findings indicate accelerants were used.
Have the victims been identified?
Yes, it's the owners of the house.
The woman is Di Fu.
She's an internet celebrity.
The man is Zhao Qishan.
He was stabbed multiple times.
Babel Tower.
Let's go up and take a look.
Have you checked the surveillance here?
The cameras were all turned off.
Wait a minute.
Get me the autopsy report the moment it's ready.
Chief He.
I heard them say
your deduction is that
Zhao Qishan's wife, Di Fu, killed him
and then set herself on fire to escape punishment.
Twenty-five stabs to the chest and abdomen. Brutal.
Qi Yuan.
You're about to be transferred.
Leave the case to someone else.
Have the victims' families been notified?
Zhao Qishan has a younger brother named Zhao Qihai.
He has been notified.
His wife, Di Fu,
whose real name was Li Ren,
has a younger sister who hasn't been found yet.
A sister?
Ms. Li Ran.
As your sister and brother-in-law's Retained Counsel,
I will help them fulfill their final wishes today.
This is Ms. Di Fu,
your sister Li Ren,
and your brother-in-law Zhao Qishan's will.
Please take a look.
How did my sister die?
According to the current police report,
Ms. Li Ren killed Mr. Zhao Qishan,
then committed suicide by fire to escape punishment.
It was a suicide pact.
Ms. Li Ren and Mr. Zhao Qishan have passed away.
The reasons behind it
no longer matter.
What matters is you,
Ms. Li Ran.
You are the heir to their assets worth hundreds of millions.
Is the case just closed like this?
The condition of the scene,
the suicide notes from both,
and the lawyer's testimony all prove
that this case is just that simple.
Twenty-five stabs for a suicide pact? Do you believe that?
It is clearly written in the suicide note.
The wife, Di Fu, suffered from leukemia.
The husband would rather die with her.
He asked his wife to kill him,
and then she committed suicide.
Give me an explanation.
Why?
Why do you have so many questions?
They were just a pair of hopeless romantics.
The case is closed, understand?
Di Fu's sister,
Li Ran.
Old Qi, I'll tell you one more time.
The case is closed.
The police have announced it's closed.
They have already withdrawn from the villa.
Tomorrow morning at ten o'clock,
please arrive at the Babel Tower villa on time.
At that time, I will announce your status as heir
and the allocation of the inheritance.
Auntie Ma, did you drug us?
You crazy woman, what are you doing?
Don't be afraid.
I just wanted you all to calm down.
This is getting more and more interesting.
Hello, I am...
You must be Ms. Li Ran.
I am A Si, the villa's butler.
Welcome. Please come in.
Has Lawyer Luo arrived?
Not yet. Please come in.
Distinguished guests,
this is Ms. Li Ran,
the Madam's younger sister.
Now that someone
from Di Fu's family has arrived...
You've got some nerve.
That crazy woman killed my brother.
Don't think that burning herself to death
puts an end to everything.
Ah Hai.
The police said it was a suicide pact.
We must trust the police.
Ms. Li, I'm Fang Qiu.
I'm a friend of Mr. Zhao.
I was also acquainted with your sister.
Acquainted? You mean very close.
I'm afraid Di Fu knew exactly
how many hairs were on Mr. Fang's body.
Let me do the introductions.
This is Mr. Fang Qiu,
a good friend of the Master and Madam.
This is Mr. Tan Tian,
the Master's business partner.
This is Mr. Zhao Qihai,
the Master's younger brother.
That is Auntie Ma Shan.
There are ghosts!
There are ghosts in this house!
This crazy hag is at it again.
When will Lawyer Luo arrive?
Ghosts killed Zhao Qishan and Di Fu!
Ms. Li,
don't pay any attention to her.
She's lost her mind.
Lawyer Luo instructed that
everyone mentioned in the will must be present,
so we have all gathered here.
A Si, are there really ghosts here?
The previous owner of this house...
his entire family died here.
As for whether there are actually ghosts,
I wouldn't know.
Regarding this place,
I have actually heard a story.
It starts with a security guard.
You must have worked in a haunted house, kid.
Miss Li, these are all rumors.
Don't pay too much attention to them.
It's only real if you believe it.
Besides, you don't need to worry.
I will protect you.
If you ask me,
there's no smoke without fire.
Don't you think there's something wrong with this house?
It feels uncomfortable as soon as you walk in.
No, no, no.
Not at all.
I... I don't get that feeling.
My brother is dead.
This house is mine.
Ghost!
Ghost! A ghost!
It's not a ghost. It's rocks falling from the mountain.
Can't be helped with the continuous rain, right?
A Si, to get out of here,
there is only one road.
Yes.
The road has been completely blocked.
We can't get out.
Hello, everyone.
Let me introduce myself.
My name is Qi Yuan.
I'm from the Tai Cheng Police Department.
May I ask what you are doing here?
Inspector Qi, the case is closed.
We don't need police here, do we?
I just came to ask,
here,
who is the owner?
The house belonged to my brother.
So naturally, the owner is me now.
Mr. Zhao.
The will hasn't been announced yet.
It's not certain whose house this is yet.
Besides,
Madam Di Fu's sister, Miss Li, is still here.
She has a share too, right?
Her?
Does she deserve it?
I'm not here to fight for the inheritance.
But if there is a share that belongs to me,
I won't just give it up to you for nothing.
Why are we arguing?
Calm down.
There's a flash flood.
None of us can leave.
I just came to ask
who the owner is here.
Could you let me
stay for the night?
A Si is the housekeeper here.
Before the will is announced,
she should be the one in charge here.
So, can I?
Of course. The villa has many rooms.
Thank you.
This is the Master and Madam's room.
Do you mind?
No problem.
Then please take a rest.
Lawyer Luo might arrive a bit later.
We'll just have to wait patiently.
Thank you, A Si.
You finally said it.
What is your relationship with Niannian?
Friends, friends.
Good friends, Auntie. Good friends.
Since you are friends,
why didn't I hear about her in your story?